Installing environnement from 0 and running an App in 5 mins
============================================================

On GNU/Linux (Debian/Ubuntu)
-----------------------------
I assume you started from a fresh system, with default packages, and root rights.

### Install Dependencies

You have to install git, oracle-jdk and android-sdk:

    sudo add-apt-repository ppa:webupd8team/java

    sudo apt-get update

    sudo apt-get install oracle-jdk7-installer git

    wget http://dl.google.com/android/android-sdk_r22.2.1-linux.tgz

    tar xvf android-sdk_r22.2.1-linux.tgz

You can move the folder `android-sdk-linux` to any place you feel more appropriate, for the rest of the steps, I will assume it is placed on your home folder.

### Setup the tools

For Git, you have to setup at least your name and your email with these dedicated commands:

    git config --global user.email "yourmail@domain.com"
    git config --global user.name "Name LastName"

For the android SDK, you have to download the platform-tools. Lauch the manager with:

    ~/android-sdk-linux/tools/android

And check (at least) "Android SDK Platform-tools" And clic "Install packages".
Once dowloaded and installed, you should edit your .bashrc file to add the sdk binary folders to the path, and add the `ANDROID_SDK` variable:

    echo "export PATH=$PATH:~/android-sdk-linux/tools" >> ~/.bashrc
    echo "export PATH=$PATH:~/android-sdk-linux/platform-tools" >> ~/.bashrc
    echo "export ANDROID_HOME=~/android-sdk-linux" >> ~/.bashrc

The command-line environnement is ready.

### IDE environnement (optionnal)

Install Eclipse:

    sudo apt-get install eclipse

Launch it:

    eclipse &

Go to "Help" > "Install New Sofware", clic on "Add", and fill Name with "ADT Plugins" and Location with "https://dl-ssl.google.com/android/eclipse/".

Clic on OK.

Select "ADT Plugins" on "Work with" combobox, and on Developer Tools, check Android Development Tools.

Clic on Next, Accept the licence and Install.

Return to "Help" > "Install New Software", choose this time "--All Available Sites--" And filter the search with "EGit".

Relaunch Eclipse.

Go to "Windows" > "Preferences", and on Android entry, check the path of the SDK to aim to your previous android-sdk-folder.

### Get the project and launch it

Clone the project:

    git clone https://github.com/janosgyerik/manyquiz-private
    cd manyquiz-private/programming-lite

Connect your phone (and *enable debugging usb mode* on your phone settings), and compile and install the app:

    ant clean debug
    adb install bin/ProgrammingLite-debug.apk

You should see the app appears on your phone in your applications list.

### Troubleshooting

If you get `sdk.dir is missing` when launching `ant debug`, make sure you have set `ANDROID_HOME` variable on your bashrc file.

If you get `invalid resource directory name: /home/yourname/manyquiz-private/manyquiz/bin/res/crunch` when launching `ant debug`, you should launch `ant clean debug` instead. The file are generated by Eclipse but not accepted by the command-line SDK. 

On Windows 
-----------

TODO.
Basically, go to Git official website, Oracle Website, And Android developpers website to download the binary and installed the required tools by yourself.
The Eclipse Steps should be the same.

